feat: `marimo export html-wasm` with included assets (#3134)
marimo-team/marimo: docs/guides/exporting.md

- [Quarto](https://quarto.org) - Create beautiful documents, websites, presentations
- [nbgrader](https://nbgrader.readthedocs.io/) - Grade notebook assignments

## Export to WASM-powered HTML

Export your notebook to a self-contained HTML file that runs using WebAssembly:

```bash
marimo export html-wasm notebook.py -o output_dir --mode run
# Or edit mode
marimo export html-wasm notebook.py -o output_dir --mode edit
```

The exported HTML file will run your notebook using WebAssembly, making it completely self-contained and executable in the browser. This means users can interact with your notebook without needing Python or marimo installed.

Options:

- `--mode`: Choose between `run` (read-only) or `edit` (allows editing)
- `--output`: Directory to save the HTML and required assets

```{admonition} Note
:class: note

The exported file must be served over HTTP to function correctly - it cannot be opened directly from the filesystem (file://).
Your server must also serve the assets in the `assets` directory, next to the HTML file. For this reason, we recommend using the online playground if possible: <https://marimo.app>.
```

> 

Reviewer: Mention that can be hosted on Github pages?

Author: yea i can

- [Quarto](https://quarto.org) - Create beautiful documents, websites, presentations
- [nbgrader](https://nbgrader.readthedocs.io/) - Grade notebook assignments

## Export to WASM-powered HTML

Export your notebook to a self-contained HTML file that runs using WebAssembly:

```bash

> marimo export html-wasm notebook.py -o output_dir --mode run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# export as readonly, with code locked
marimo export html-wasm notebook.py -o output_dir --mode run
```

> # Or edit mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# export as an editable notebook
```

marimo export html-wasm notebook.py -o output_dir --mode edit
```

The exported HTML file will run your notebook using WebAssembly, making it completely self-contained and executable in the browser. This means users can interact with your notebook without needing Python or marimo installed.

Options:

- `--mode`: Choose between `run` (read-only) or `edit` (allows editing)
- `--output`: Directory to save the HTML and required assets

```{admonition} Note
:class: note

The exported file must be served over HTTP to function correctly - it cannot be opened directly from the filesystem (file://).
Your server must also serve the assets in the `assets` directory, next to the HTML file. For this reason, we recommend using the online playground if possible: <https://marimo.app>.
```

### Testing the export

You can test the export by running the following command in the directory containing your notebook:

```bash
cd path/to/output_dir
python -m http.server
```

## Deploying to GitHub Pages

> You can deploy your marimo WebAssembly notebook to GitHub Pages by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy your WebAssembly marimo notebook to GitHub Pages using the following GitHub Actions workflow:
```
